Document warning about JDBC catalog tables in Iceberg (#20441)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/metastores.md

The JDBC catalog may have compatibility issues if Iceberg introduces breaking
changes in the future. Consider the {ref}`REST catalog
<iceberg-rest-catalog>` as an alternative solution.

> The JDBC catalog requires the existing metadata tables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JDBC catalog requires the metadata tables to already exist. 
```
